Now besides practicing,
which is a super important next step,
I can also only encourage you
to explore the React Ecosystem.
Because in this course, I gave you a great foundation
and we had a look at a couple of key third-party libraries
which you also need in a lot of React projects,
for example Redux and the React Router.
But there are so many other projects and libraries out there
which are worth exploring
to make your life as a React developer easier
or to build brand new kinds of applications
which you maybe didn't even consider up to this point.
For example, in this course you learned about Next.js
which is a super amazing framework
but also consider exploring Gatsby.js.
Gatsby is another library for React,
so which builds up on React,
which acts as a static site generator using React.
And you can learn more about Gatsby
on their official page of course,
but in the end Gatsby allows you
to leverage your React knowledge
to then produce static websites
which only consists of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript,
but which are pre-rendered in advance
so that search engines see what your users will see
before JavaScript code is executed in the browser
and therefore Gatsby can help you offer
a better user experience,
it can help you with search engine optimization,
and it can act as a nice alternative to Next.js
which I did cover in this course.
So definitely also consider exploring that.
Another interesting project and library
you might wanna look into is Preact,
so that's React with a P in front of it.
Now Preact, in the end, is React
with a way smaller footprint.
It has the same API,
so the same functionalities React offers,
for example, it has all those React hooks,
but it's way smaller.
Now this of course sounds like magic
and it sounds like you should always use Preact,
but of course, it achieves this very small size
by stripping out internal functionality
React has built-in,
functionality that might offer a smoother user experience
once your app is up and running.
but that is something you'll have to find out on your own.
Diving into Preact and playing around with it,
might definitely worth a thought
because you might not be building an application
that needs all those built-in optimizations
React has to offer, and in that case,
Preact might be a great alternative.
So that's another very interesting
third-party library and project
which you might wanna explore
now that you did learn about React in this course.
And then I got one other extremely nice project
which I absolutely recommend that you take a look at,
and that's React Native.
Now React Native is a framework for React
also built by Facebook,
so by the same company that's responsible for React,
that actually allows you to build mobile apps
for iOS and Android with React.
And that's of course super amazing,
because that means that you can use
the knowledge you already have
and you cannot just build websites and web apps with it,
but you can also build mobile apps with it.
And you don't need to learn
Android or iOS development or programming languages
for those devices,
you can really just use what you already know,
JavaScript and React.
And I got a complete course on React Native
which you might want to check out
if you wanna learn all about React Native.
But definitely consider
looking into the official webpage at least,
and explore React Native,
if building mobile apps with React
sounds interesting to you.
This is a super amazing project,
and it's a great example for what you can achieve
with your React skills.
You really can build anything.